Replace REP price feed on Aave v1 (#13)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals-v3: src/20231031_AaveV1Ethereum_FixedREPPriceFeed/FixedREPPriceFeedOnAAVEV1.md

---
title: "Fixed REP price feed on AAVE v1"
author: "BGD labs (@bgdlabs)"
discussions: ""
---

## Simple Summary

Replace existing price feed by Chainlink with the fixed price adapter on Aave v1.

## Motivation

> Chainlink is planning to shut down its price feed for the `REP` token as it is deprecated. Keeping in mind that the total supply of the `REP` on Aave v1 is less than 100$, we decided to replace the CL oracle by the custom adapter, which will return calculated average price of the token for the period from 01/09/2023 till 31/10/2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REP asset listed on Aave 1 Ethereum is a legacy one, that long time ago has suffered a token migration.
With a total supply of this legacy `REP` on Aave v1 of less than $100, Chainlink is looking to shut down the REP/ETH price feed, but this can only be done if Aave stops using it.
Consequently, giving the size of the asset and that factually is off-boarded (frozen), we propose to replace the Chainlink price feed by an ad-hoc one that will return a constant value: the average price of the token for the period from 01/09/2023 till 31/10/2023.
```

---
title: "Fixed REP price feed on AAVE v1"
author: "BGD labs (@bgdlabs)"
discussions: "https://governance.aave.com/t/bgd-technical-maintenance-proposals/15274"
---

## Simple Summary

Replace existing REP/ETH price feed by Chainlink on Aave v1 Ethereum with a fixed price adapter.

## Motivation

The REP asset listed on Aave 1 Ethereum is a legacy one, that long time ago has suffered a token migration.
With a total supply of this legacy `REP` on Aave v1 of less than $100, Chainlink is looking to shut down the REP/ETH price feed, but this can only be done if Aave stops using it.
Consequently, giving the size of the asset and that factually is off-boarded (frozen), we propose to replace the Chainlink price feed by an ad-hoc one that will return a constant value: the average price of the token for the period from 01/09/2023 till 31/10/2023.

## Specification

> Average `REP` value: 0.0004625695693 ETH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Average `REP` price to use: 0.0004625695693 ETH
```
